docs: add auth-methods section in acl concepts (#24917)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/partials/jwt_claim_mapping_details.mdx

## Trusted Identity Attributes via Claim Mappings

The authentication step can return data from JWT claims as trusted
identity attributes for use in binding rule selectors and bind name
interpolation.

The `ClaimMappings` and `ListClaimMappings` attributes control how Nomad maps claims
to identity attributes. Both are maps of items to copy,
with elements of the form `"<JWT claim>":"<attribute suffix>"`.

Use `ClaimMappings` to map singular values and `ListClaimMappings` to map lists of values.

Nomad can interpolate the singular values mapped by `ClaimMappings` in a binding

> rule, but Nomad cannot interpolate the lists of values mapped by `ListClaimMappings`.

Reviewer: could include an interpolation in your example -- I don't quite follow where exactly I could put which kind of interpolation, and I don't see anything about this on the `/docs/runtime/interpolation` page. this must be a different sort of interpolation.

maybe add link(s) to `/docs/commands/acl/binding-rule/create` and/or `/api-docs/acl/binding-rules` somewhere?  those page(s) might also be improved by pointing back to here.

Author: I also found this confusing (I copied this from some other docs) so I changed this to reference to some other binding-rule examples we have.

```

This specifies that the values in the JWT claims `"givenName"` and `"surname"`
should be copied to attributes named `"value.first_name"` and
`"value.last_name"` respectively. Additionally the list of values in the JWT
claim `"groups"` should be copied to an attribute named `"list.groups"`.

The following table shows the resulting attributes that will be extracted, and
the ways they may be used in Rule Bindings:

| Attributes         | Supported Selector Operations                      | Can be Interpolated |
| ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `value.first_name` | Equal, Not Equal, In, Not In, Matches, Not Matches | yes                 |
| `value.last_name`  | Equal, Not Equal, In, Not In, Matches, Not Matches | yes                 |
| `list.groups`      | In, Not In, Is Empty, Is Not Empty                 | no                  |

### Claim Specifications and JSON Pointer

The `ClaimMappings` and
`ListClaimMappings` fields are used to point to data
within the JWT. If the desired key is at the top of level of the JWT, the name
can be provided directly. If it is nested at a lower level, a JSON Pointer may
be used.

> Assume the following JWT claims are decoded:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows decoded JWT claims.
```

```json
{
  "division": "North America",
  "groups": {
    "primary": "Engineering",
    "secondary": "Software"
  },
  "iss": "https://my-corp-app-name.auth0.com/",
  "sub": "auth0|eiw7OWoh5ieSh7ieyahC3ief0uyuraphaengae9d",
  "aud": "V1RPi2MYptMV1RPi2MYptMV1RPi2MYpt",
  "iat": 1589224148,
  "exp": 1589260148,
  "nonce": "eKiihooH3Fah8Ieshah4leeti6ien3"
}
```

> A parameter of `"division"` will reference `"North America"`, as this is a top
> level key. A parameter `"/groups/primary"` uses JSON Pointer syntax to
> reference `"Engineering"` at a lower level. Any valid JSON Pointer can be used
> as a selector. Refer to the [JSON Pointer
> RFC](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6901) for a full description of the syntax

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Use the following syntax to reference data:

- Top-level key: Use direct reference. For example, `"division"` refers to `"North America"`.
- Nested key: Use JSON Pointer syntax. For example, `"/groups/primary"` refers to `"Engineering"`.

You may use any valid JSON Pointer as a selector. Refer to the [JSON Pointer
RFC](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6901) for a full description of the syntax.
```

Tried to clarify how to reference values.

Author: I missed this, and the below suggestions in my github commit, so merged them in manually.
